Ingredients

    8 scallions
    12 Tbsp. chilled unsalted butter, divided
    2½ tsp. Diamond Crystal or 1½ tsp. Morton kosher salt
    1 tsp. freshly ground black pepper
    1¾ tsp. baking powder
    ½ tsp. baking soda
    1¼ tsp. sugar
    2½ cups (313 g) all-purpose flour, plus more for surface
    1¼ cups sour cream, plus more for serving
    Flaky sea salt

1. Place a rack in middle of oven; preheat to 425°. Line a baking sheet with parchment paper. Trim root ends from 8 scallions. Thinly slice crosswise (not on a diagonal); set aside.
2. Melt 2 Tbsp. chilled unsalted butter by whatever method is easiest for you; set aside. Whisk 2½ tsp. Diamond Crystal or 1½ tsp. Morton kosher salt, 1 tsp. freshly ground black pepper, 1¾ tsp. baking powder, ½ tsp. baking soda, 1¼ tsp. sugar, and 2½ cups (313 g) all-purpose flour in a large bowl to combine.
3. Cut remaining 10 Tbsp. chilled unsalted butter into ½” pieces. Add to dry ingredients and toss to coat. Using your hands, work butter into dry ingredients, smashing it between your fingers and flattening it between your palm until there are lots of thin shards and pea-size bits. Add reserved scallions and toss to evenly distribute.
4. Create a well in the center of mixture and add 1¼ cups sour cream to the center. Using a fork and working in circles, mix until large shaggy clumps form. If your bowl is wide enough, fold dough over itself a couple of times inside it until it comes together.
5. Turn out onto a lightly floured surface and knead once or twice until it comes together; flour your hands if needed. If there are any loose bits, add them to center of dough and knead once more to incorporate.
6. Pat dough into an 8x4” rectangle about 1” thick.
7. Working from a short side, fold dough in thirds as you would a letter. It doesn’t need to overlap perfectly. Pat dough into another 8x4” rectangle, then fold dough in thirds like a letter one more time. (You'll have done the folding procedure two times total.) Pat dough back into an 8x4” rectangle and straighten up with your hands and/or your bench scraper. (This folding method is what will create those nice flaky layers in your final biscuits.)
8. Cut rectangle in half lengthwise, then cut each half crosswise into 4 squares for a total of 8 biscuits.
9. Transfer biscuits to prepared baking sheet. Brush tops gently with melted butter; sprinkle with flaky sea salt.
Slide 1 of 2
10. Bake biscuits until golden brown, 18–22 minutes. Serve warm with sour cream (or more butter!) for slathering.

3 Tips to Make Flakey Baker-Style Biscuits
1. 1. Use cold butter (and keep it that way) By keeping your butter as cold as possible as you work it into the dough, you'll guarantee that the distinct pieces create pockets of steam that push the layers apart. If the butter is too warm when you’re working with it, it will melt too quickly, seeping into the biscuit dough rather than turning into steam. To keep the butter cold, work with it straight from the fridge and move quickly so that the warmth of your hands doesn’t make the butter too soft. For extra insurance, some bakers even chill their bowl and their flour before incorporating the butter just to make sure everything stays calm, cool, and collected.
2. Peas and lentils, people
As you work the butter into the dry ingredients by pinching, squeezing, and flattening between your palms, be careful not to over-incorporate. Aim for pieces between the size of a pea and a lentil—and no smaller. If the pieces are too itsy-bitsy, the butter won’t create enough steam to cause puff-age.
3. Fold, pat, repeat
As you’ll find in this recipe for Sour Cream and Onion Biscuits, we’ve included a dough folding trick that will guarantee success, even if you fail to succeed at the other two tips. You’ll pat your biscuit dough out into an 8x4" rectangle and then fold the rectangle in thirds by bringing the short sides into the center, just like you would fold a business letter (or swaddle a baby?). You’ll pat the dough down again, and repeat the letter fold once more.
The physical folds you create translate into distinct layers before the biscuits even hit the oven. Magic! Perhaps you’ve heard the word lamination thrown around in the context of croissants or puff pastry. This letter folding technique is essentially a very chill and simplified version of exactly that. We use a similar manual method in BA's Best Buttermilk Biscuits.
Now go forth and make biscuits. They'll have more layers than your mom on a chilly day. They'll be flakier than your flakiest friend on a Friday night. And they'll look like they came straight from a bakery.
